Repository Transfer notice (#4415)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: README.md

</p>

> [!NOTE]
> ## Repository Transferred
>

> > The Axon Framework team decided to move the Axon Framework repository from the [Axon Framework GitHub organization](https://github.com/AxonFramework/) to the [AxonIQ GitHub organization](https://github.com/AxonIQ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Axon Framework team has decided to move the Axon Framework repository from the [Axon Framework GitHub organization](https://github.com/AxonFramework/) to the [AxonIQ GitHub organization](https://github.com/AxonIQ).
```

> > This switch makes project management easier for the team, following from our active use of GitHub Project boards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This switch makes project management easier for the team, due to our active use of GitHub Project boards.
```

>

> > GitHub Project boards do not allow to merge repositories between different organizations in a single board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> GitHub Project boards do not allow merging repositories between different organizations in a single board.
```

> > The team is actively constructing a several open-core licensed modules for Axon Framework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The team is actively constructing several open-core licensed modules for Axon Framework.
```

> > The team is actively constructing a several open-core licensed modules for Axon Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The team is actively constructing several open-core licensed modules for Axon Framework.
```

> These are best placed under the AxonIQ GitHub organization due to their licensing.
>

> > User of the Axon Framework repository will not experience any disruptions from this transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Users of the Axon Framework repository will not experience any disruptions from this transfer.
```

> > User of the Axon Framework repository will not experience any disruptions from this transfer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Users of the Axon Framework repository will not experience any disruptions from this transfer.
```
